Congratulations on finishing
the first course, and
welcome to this second course on NLP.
In this course you learn about
probabilistic models and
how to use them to predict word sequences.
This is a technology that powers
auto-correction as well as web
search suggestions where you may go to
websites and go to the search bar and
type in a few words.
And it will automatically suggest
the next word will suggest
what you may be searching for.
In this course you also learn about Markov
models and diva turbie algorithm, both
of which are very important fundamental
building blocks of many NLP systems.
Eunice do you want to say
a few words about this course?
>> And the first week you will learn
to build an auto-correct system
by using probabilities of
sequences of characters.
In the second week, you'll learn
about hidden Markov models, and
you'll use them to implement
a parts of speech tagging system.
For example, if you looked up
the query book of flights,
then knowing that the word book is a verb,
not a noun, will help the model
better understand your query.
>> By the third week,
you will build an autocomplete systems
using probabilities of sequences of words.
In week four,
we'll go back to word vectors.
You've already learned to
use them in course one, and
we will show you how to generate
them using neural networks.
>> Thanks, Eunice and Lucas.
I'm excited about all of you
learning in this course these
important building blocks for NLP.
Let's jump in